You can use Outlook to Kee track
of your personal appointments as
well as schedule meetings with
other people in Outlook.
Switch to the calendar view by
clicking its icon in the
navigation area at the bottom of
the window.
I'm currently viewing my
calendar by the month, but you
can click the options in the
ribbon under the Home tab to
also view your calendar by day,
the work week, or the entire
week as well.
I'll switch back to the month
view for now.
Start by selecting the date of
the appointment or meeting you
want to add to your calendar.
You can click New Aointment or
New Meeting.
The difference between an
appointment and a meeting is
that you can invite others to
Meetings and aointments are
generally events you'll attend
on your own or without inviting
others.
I'll choose New Aointment here.
Enter the title of your
Aointment and because we
selected the date first, it
should already be filled out
correctly in the Start time
area, but you can change it here
if necessary.
Then select the time of the
appointment and then enter the
End Time to block off that time
on your calendar.
You can also select All Day to
designate the aointment as an
all day event rather than taking
place at a specific time.
I'll uncheck that for now and
then click save and close.
And now that aointment is on my
calendar.
Adding a meeting is very
similar.
Just click the date of the
meeting and then click New
Meeting.
Again enter a title in the
required area.
You'll add the names of people
who are required to attend this
meeting.
If you've reviously created a
contact group, you can type the
grou's name here.
You can also enter the contact
info for people for whom the
meeting is optional.
If necessary, you can add other
details like the location, then
click Send.
That adds the aointment to your
calendar and also emails the
meeting invite and details to
the contacts you added.
O That's how to set U
appointments and meetings in
Outlook.